Proposal for blinding claim names (#124)
oauthstuff/draft-selective-disclosure-jwt: main.md

   control over the same private key during the issuance and presentation. SD-JWT signed by the issuer contains
   a public key or a reference to a public key that matches to the private key controlled by the holder.

> Claim name blinding
> :  Method to extend selective disclosure to claim names by hiding not only a claim's value
>    but also the claim name from verifiers to which the claim was not disclosed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Claim name blinding
:  Feature that enables to blind not only claim values, but also claim names of the claims 
that are included in SD-JWT but are not disclosed to the verifier in the SD-JWT-Release.
```

)*
```

> The claim name (`CLAIM-NAME`) is an optional 

Reviewer: this looks like an unfinished text?

 5. Validate the SD-JWT Release:
    1. If holder binding is required, validate the signature over the SD-JWT using the same steps as for the SD-JWT plus the following steps:
       1. Determine that the public key for the private key that used to sign the SD-JWT-R is bound to the SD-JWT, i.e., the SD-JWT either contains a reference to the public key or contains the public key itself.
       2. Determine that the Sse fossimo d'accordoD-JWT-R is bound to the current transaction and was created for this verifier (replay protection). This is usually achieved by a `nonce` and `aud` field within the SD-JWT Release.
    2. For each claim in the SD-JWT Release:
       1. Ensure that the claim is present as well in `sd_release` in the SD-JWT.
          If `sd_release` is structured, the claim MUST be present at the same
          place within the structure.
       2. Compute the base64url-encoded hash digest of the JSON literal released

>           by the Holder using the `sd_hash_alg` in SD-JWT.

Reviewer 2: @danielfett fixed conflicts and updated this def committing directly in your branch

then I had pushed another commit to fix the previous typo (weird movement on the keyboard?) anyway feel free to rebase these

MUST choose placeholder claim names accordingly. It is RECOMMENDED to use
cryptographically random values with at least 128 bits of entropy as placeholder
claim names.

The order of elements in JSON-encoded objects is not relevant to applications,
but the order may reveal information about the blinded claim name to the
verifier. It is therefore RECOMMENDED to ensure that the order is shuffled or
otherwise hidden (e.g., alphabetically ordered using the blinded claim names).

# Privacy Considerations {#privacy_considerations}

## Claim Names

By default, claim names are not blinded in an SD-JWT. In this case, even when
the claim's value is not known to a verifier, the claim name can disclose some
information to the verifier. For example, if the SD-JWT contains a claim named
`super_secret_club_membership_no`, the verifier might assume that the end-user
is a member of the Super Secret Club. 

Blinding claim names can help to avoid this potential privacy issue. In many
cases, however, verifiers can already deduce this or similar information just
from the identification of the issuer and the schema used for the SD-JWT.

> Blinding claim names might not provide additional privacy if this is the case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blinding claim names might not provide additional privacy if this is the case.

Furthermore, re-using the same value to blind a claim name may limit the privacy benefits.

```
